<h1> EGX DIY Node Stack 2020/02/25 Ubuntu (x86-64) </h1>

This page describes the steps required to use Ansible to install the EGX DIY Node Stack.

The final EGX DIY Node Stack will include:

- Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS
- Ansible 2.9.6
- Docker CE 19.03.1
- Kubernetes version 1.15.3
- Helm/Tiller 2.14.3
- NVIDIA GPU Operator (Beta Version)
  - NV containerized driver: 440.33.01
  - NV container toolkit: 1.0.0-alpha.3
  - NV K8S device plug-in: 1.0.0-beta4
  - Data Center GPU Manager (DCGM): 1.7.2

### The following Ansible Playbooks are available

- [Install EGX DIY Node Stack](https://github.com/erikbohnhorst/EGX-DIY-Node-Stack/blob/master/Playbooks/egx-installation-2020-02-25.yaml)

- [Validate EGX DIY Node Stack ](https://github.com/erikbohnhorst/EGX-DIY-Node-Stack/blob/master/Playbooks/egx-validation-2020-02-25.yaml)

- [Uninstall EGX DIY Node Stack](https://github.com/erikbohnhorst/EGX-DIY-Node-Stack/blob/master/Playbooks/egx-uninstall-2020-02-25.yaml)

 ## Prerequisites

- NGC-Ready Server
- Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS installed
- Internet connectivity
- [Ansible](#Ansible-Installation) 

To determine if your system is NGC-Ready for Edge Servers, please review the list of validated systems on the NGC-Ready Systems documentation page: https://docs.nvidia.com/ngc/ngc-ready-systems/index.html

Please note that the EGX Stack is only validated on Intel based NGC-Ready systems with the default kernel (not HWE). Using an AMD EPYC 2nd generation (ROME) NGC-Ready server is not validated yet and will require the HWE kernel and manually disabling nouveau.
 
### Ansible Installation
The following steps install Ansible on your EGX server.

Include the offical Ansible project to the systems list of resources.

```
$ sudo apt-add-repository ppa:ansible/ansible -y
```

Refresh the system package index.

```
$ sudo apt update
```

Install the Ansible package.

```
$ sudo apt install ansible -y
```

Validate the Ansible installation.

```
$  ansible --version
```

Exptected Output:
```
ansible 2.9.6
  config file = /etc/ansible/ansible.cfg
  configured module search path = [u'/home/username/.ansible/plugins/modules', u'/usr/share/ansible/plugins/modules']
  ansible python module location = /usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/ansible
  executable location = /usr/bin/ansible
  python version = 2.7.17 (default, Nov  7 2019, 10:07:09) [GCC 7.4.0]
```

## Using the Ansible playbooks 
This section describes how to use the ansible playbooks.

### Clone the git repository

Run the below commands to add the EGX DIY ansible playbooks.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/EGX-DIY-Node-Stack.git
$ cd EGX-DIY-Node-Stack/Playbooks
```

### Installation

Install the EGX stack by running the below command. "Skipping" in the ansible output refers to the Kubernetes cluster is up and running.

```
$ sudo ansible-playbook egx-installation-2020-02-25.yaml
```

### Validation

Run the below command to check if the installed versions are match with predefined versions of the EGX DIY Node Stack. Here' "Ignored" tasks refer to failed and "Changed/Ok" tasks refer to success.

Run the validation playbook 5 minutes after completing the EGX DIY Node Stack Installation.

```
$ sudo ansible-playbook egx-validation-2020-02-25.yaml
```

### Uninstall

Run the below command to uninstall the EGX Stack. Taks being "ignored" refers to no kubernetes cluster being available.

```
$ sudo ansible-playbook egx-uninstall-2020-02-25.yaml
```
